refactor!: updated some functions to be equivalent to Python Polars (#852)
pola-rs/r-polars: NEWS.md

-   Removed `as.list()` for class `RPolarsExpr` as it is a simple wrapper around
    `list()` (#843).
-   Several functions have been rewritten to match the behavior of Python Polars.
    -   `pl$head()`, `pl$tail()`, `pl$count()`, `pl$first()`, `pl$last()`, `pl$max()`,
        `pl$min()`, `pl$mean()`, `pl$media()`, `pl$std()`, `pl$sum()`, `pl$var()`,
        `pl$n_unique()`, and `pl$approx_n_unique()` are syntactic sugar for

>         `pl$col(...)$<method()>`. The argument `...` accepts charactors (#852).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `pl$col(...)$<method()>`. The argument `...` now only accepts characters, 
        that are either column names or regular expressions (#852).
```

    -   There is no argument for `pl$len()`. If you want to measure the length of

>         specific columns, should use `pl$count(...)` (#852).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        specific columns, you should use `pl$count(...)` (#852).
```

-   Removed `as.list()` for class `RPolarsExpr` as it is a simple wrapper around
    `list()` (#843).
-   Several functions have been rewritten to match the behavior of Python Polars.
    -   `pl$head()`, `pl$tail()`, `pl$count()`, `pl$first()`, `pl$last()`, `pl$max()`,
        `pl$min()`, `pl$mean()`, `pl$media()`, `pl$std()`, `pl$sum()`, `pl$var()`,
        `pl$n_unique()`, and `pl$approx_n_unique()` are syntactic sugar for
        `pl$col(...)$<method()>`. The argument `...` now only accepts characters,
        that are either column names or regular expressions (#852).

>     -   `pl$col(...)` requires at leaset one argument. (#852)

Author: I'll rearrange the order later.

Reviewer: Typo: "leaset" -> "least"
